feat: marketplace -> testing distribution and ent app store docs (#497)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/marketplace/visual-studio-marketplace/enterprise-app-store/index.md

---
title: Enterprise App Store
description: Overview of Azure DevOps Enterprise App Store Extension
tags:
  [
    testing-distribution,
    overview,
    concepts,
    app store,
    internal testing,
    beta testing,
    binary distribution,
    ipa distribution,
    apk distribution,
  ]
sidebar_position: 2
---

> Appcircle Enterprise Mobile App Store is your own mobile app store for providing access to in-house apps with a customizable mobile storefront. The Appcircle Enterprise Mobile App Store extension offers a method for uploading your app to your personalized app store within Appcircle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appcircle Enterprise Mobile App Store serves as your private mobile app store, allowing access to in-house apps through a customizable mobile storefront. The Appcircle Enterprise Mobile App Store extension enables you to upload your app to your personalized app store within Appcircle.
```

import Screenshot from '@site/src/components/Screenshot';

> ### How to Install Appcircle Enterprise Store task in your pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to Install the Appcircle Enterprise Store Task in Your Pipeline
```

In order to install Appcircle Enterprise Store task extension, follow these steps;

1. Go to your pipeline, click "Edit" button on the top right corner
   <Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/testing-distribution-azure-pipeline-edit.png' />
2. Inside your YAML file, search for "Appcircle Enterprise Store" task extension
   <Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/ac-app-store-azure-extension-task.png' />
3. Complete the necessary input fields and then click the "Add" button.

   3.1. You can learn more about getting your access token [here](https://docs.appcircle.io/appcircle-api/api-authentication#generatingmanaging-the-personal-api-tokens).

:::info

> You should add these task extension after your build steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should add this task extension after completing your build steps.
```

:::

> After completing the required input fields, the AppcircleEnterpriseStore@0 task will be added to your pipeline steps as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After filling out the required fields, the `AppcircleEnterpriseStore@0` task will appear in your pipeline steps as shown below:
```
